In this module,
I'm going to tell you a little bit about
the history of the DragonBoard 410c.
The DragonBoard 410c is
not our first attempt at
creating a board based on a cellphone SoC.
In fact,
it's the seventh generation of board.
Each generation of board has gotten a
little bit smaller, a little bit cleaner,
a little bit easier to use.
And this one is physically the smallest,
but also the easiest to use because
we've pared down the features to just
the features you can really use.
So our original DragonBoards were
approximately ten inches by ten inches
square, with a small module still bigger
than the DragonBoard stacked on top.
As we refined each generation, we put more
and more features into the DragonBoard or
what we called DragonBoard's then.
And they became very expensive,
starting at $500 for
the first generation up to $1,000 and
$1,500.
We realized you didn't
need all of those things.
So we already knew that we needed to
build a pared-down DragonBoard to make it
accessible to as many people as possible.
And this is when we started looking
at the work that Linaro was doing,
and how they were defining
a standardized footprint.
So the teams inside Qualcomm said,
we will design a board
based on the 410 SoC to exactly
work with the 96Boards spec.
And we worked very diligently on finding
what all the components' need would be,
and how we would bring all of
the features of the 410c into
Linaro's ecosystem and Linaro's spec.
So as you can see when
you're looking at the board,
Linaro wrote a mechanical specification,
which is on your screen.
And the board looks exactly like
the mechanical specification.
The locations of all the connectors are
standardized across all the Linaro boards.
And that allows you to make
sure that everything you
build will work with any DragonBoard or
any Linaro board, including
future generations of DragonBoard and none
of the older generations, unfortunately.
So as we worked with Linaro in building
up the DragonBoard specification,
the original specification was written and
we designed the board.
And in the process of designing the board,
we found problems with the specification,
things that just couldn't work the way
the specification was written, and things
we needed to add to the specification to
bring out all of the features of the SoC.
So the specification and
the board design were iterative.
They were written together
at the same time.
And when you read the specification,
you can find a lot of details, but
you don't always think of
everything that's going on.
And when you do a detailed design, you're
constantly looking at the specification
and making sure that your detailed
design matches the specification.
So that's why the creation of
the first DragonBoard from Linaro,
the 410c, was an important step to
validating the Linaro specification.
The final part of this
section is the resources.
Again, we have
the Qualcomm Developer Network,
which is constantly changing and
new things are being added.
Particularly interesting
is the projects page,
where you can take a look at things
people have built using a DragonBoard.
We also have a 96Boards specification, and
we have the 96Boards
GitHub with more details.
Hopefully, these will inspire you
to building your own projects.